gh-142419: Add mmap.set_name method for user custom annotation (#142480)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

  not be duplicated.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :gh:`78502`.)

> * :meth:`mmap.mmap.set_name` method added to annotation an anonymous memory map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :meth:`mmap.mmap.set_name` method
  to annotate an anonymous memory map
```

  not be duplicated.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :gh:`78502`.)

* Added the :meth:`mmap.mmap.set_name` method

>   to annotate an anonymous memory map

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  to annotate an anonymous memory mapping
```
